It truly is an honor to be on stage here at the Punchline.
I love this club.
I love this city.
I love all of you already.
I've got some very good news for you.
Harmontown is now in session.
I'm Jeff Davis, but won't you more importantly welcome the mayor of Harmontown to the stage,
Mr. Dan Harmon.
San Francisco to the Frisco, seein' free and fucked your momma so hard, she thought my name wasn't Dan.
She said, is your name Jeff?
I said no, it's not.
I fucked your momma so hard, her nose started to blow stuck.
I gave her a cold when my dad got told.
I fucked your momma so cold.
I fucked your momma.
I fucked your momma in San Francisco.
I fucked your momma wet as Frisco.
I fucked your momma cause she slipped and slid.
I fucked your momma, that's what I did.
I fucked your momma from the bay to the coast.
I fucked your momma so hard, she thought her name was Donnie Most.
From Happy Days.
Generation Gap.
Is it possible to fuck a momma so hard that she faked her name as Donnie Most?
Who is Potsy on Happy Days?
He played Ralph Mouth.
And you tell me, is my mic okay?
I'm hot up here already cause I've gained 300 pounds on the tour, which is not a bad thing.
You look fantastic.
I always wear a pinstripe shirt if you gain weight.
People associate stripes with tents and circus.
Doesn't matter, I don't want to talk about weight.
I'm proud that I'm fat.
I'm like Marlon Brando in Apocalypse Now.
I'm the king of this river.
You savages, you worship me.
You were not fat at the beginning of this tour.
Yes, that's the point of getting fat.
You end fatter than you were.
If I was thinner, there would be something dishonest happening.
I would have been on tour and I would have been going, I'll just have the salad.
I ate the country.
Like Pac-Man.
And y'all are the ghosts.
And you're blue tonight.
And you ain't blinking yet.
Again, generation gap.
San Francisco, Jeff, our favorite city in the whole country.
These guys, not really from San Francisco.
These guys, is that how they...
Okay, let's check in.
It's a lot about our towners though because it's sketch fest.
We're at the punchline.
I've always wanted to be on stage here.
This is amazing.
We've been performing metaphorically at the set up our entire lives.
Oh, right.
I got you.
We finally get to figure out what the point is tonight.
I think it's more San Francisco this way because you got booed over here for that joke.
That guy comes here every night.
What does that say about him?
It's not like Greg Proups is going to be up here.
Greg Proups is not going to show up.
Saturday, just yell out Saturday.
I don't care.
That guy's name is Saturday.
Now, Dan...
He's here with his family.
They take him out on weekends.
Saturday!
Saturday, you want to play with your truck?
Dan, I know that you're not...
You don't like sports.
You don't know much about them.
But I do know that it's time for Sports Corner with Dan Harmon.
Wait, wait.
I got the wrong one.
There it is.
Not in my opinion.
All right.
A smooth sports corner.
It's a sports...
A sports bevel.
There you go.
Hello, everybody.
Welcome to Smooth Sports Corner.
Smooth.
With your pinstriped toast, Dan Harmon.
Who says a corner has to be hard?
Who says it has to poke out like a glass shot?
A sports corner can be soft.
Poke into you softly.
A sports corner gonna...
Fuck you.
But soft.
So, Dan, Super Bowl Sunday is coming up.
Who do you like?
Big day?
Big Sunday?
Yeah.
Which of the two teams playing in the Super Bowl do you favor?
I mean, look.
We got two Titans coming up to...
But not the Titans.
Not the team.
No, no, no.
I just mean two veritable giants.
The giants are not in the Super Bowl.
No, Jeff, you're getting hung up on pedantic details.
I'm a bigger sports fan than you.
I'm talking mythically.
I'm saying these two large forces, athletically.
Who do you like, though, Dan?
Well, I like them both, Jeff.
It's called the Super Bowl, not the mundane Bowl.
I enjoy both of them.
I think they both enjoy to be honored and compete with each other.
We are at a rare 50-yard line on a battlefield, Jeff.
It's not just a football field, it's a battlefield between two armies.
Which teams do you think are in the Super Bowl?
I think, Jeff, that when you look at the conferences and the way that they've proceeded
from wide to narrow, with each all-star going to a new conference star,
to a bracket, and then finally to the finalists.
Certainly.
You're looking at two huge, huge talents.
But if I go to Vegas, Dan, if I go to Vegas and want to lay a bet
between two teams in the Super Bowl, which two teams would I be betting on?
I would put my money.
And I'm going to tell you right now, we're in San Francisco.
Right, but you said the Giants weren't in the Super Bowl.
That's what you said.
The Giants played baseball.
Okay.
The Giants, that's the World Series.
I was so proud of myself.
Yes.
The Giants are a great baseball team who I believe have won the last World Series.
Jeff, let's face it, the 49ers aren't in it either.
Yes, they are.
I mean, they're not in it spiritually.
Are you saying they are in it?
Are you saying I successfully guessed half of the Super Bowl?
Yes.
The 49ers, Jeff, are in the Super Bowl.
I think that much is obvious.
Well, certainly.
And what do you think about their opponents?
Oh, God, could you ask for a greater battle, Jeff?
I mean, years, years, the old, the old, the old, like...
It's one of the oldest rivalries in sports.
The historic rivalry between these teams.
San Francisco and the...
It's just the fact that the 49ers are playing the...
Where are the San Francisco 49ers?
They're from Maryland.
A football team in the Super Bowl, pickaxing away at victory.
Yeah.
Like, working so hard.
And it's so ironic that the team they'd go up against would also...
Did you get the metaphor?
What would you call the team, though?
When you're a 49er and you're, like, you're, like, digging away,
isn't it crazy to think that this thing, this animal...
As a bird?
This eagle would...
No, no, no.
This eagle-like creature.
It's a darker...
This hawk.
It's a black bird.
This mariner.
It's more of a black bird.
This pterodactyl.
It's like a crow.
This...
It's closer to a crow.
Raven?
This Seattle raven?
This Denver raven?
It's the capital of Maryland.
This Baltimore raven.
There you go.
Traditionally, like, in mythology, the 49er, even in the stories of our youth,
is always waving off ravens with his pickaxe.
Get out of here, you old coot.
I'm trying to...
I'm trying to dig the opposite of blackness with my pickaxe,
and you're a black bird, and you're coming down and trying to get me gold.
It's amazing that these fucking Titans giants...
So, Dan, where do you put the money line on the...
Here's the deal.
When you put a 49er against a raven, just as an individual,
take one random 49er.
Take Johnson.
Right.
Take the best raven you can.
I don't care.
Take Pickens.
Take Pickens out of the front line, put them up against Johnson.
Call them the average 49er and the average raven.
What are we looking at?
We're looking at offensive yardage and defensive knee icing.
So, where do they excel?
Well, the 49ers...
As a gambler, where do I put my money?
What's the spread?
Always on the Niners, Jeff, and I call them the Niners for short.
I don't even bother to say the 49ers because there's no 60 Niners.
There's no 30 Niners.
I call them the Niners.
I'm a sports fan.
I'm an inveterated sports bettor.
Now, do you feel that the Niners quarterback is up to snuff,
or do you think they should bring in the young rookie off the bench?
It's counterintuitive, Jeff.
It won't win me any popularity contest,
but I say lose the quarterback entirely.
Don't use him.
Like, what are we doing out there?
We're throwing a ball and we're catching it and we're getting tackled every time.
What precedes every tackle on the Raven side of things?
It's a pass.
It's a hike.
It's a touchdown.
It's a scrimmage.
Back it up to the root of the quarterback.
Sports Corner with Dan Harmon, everybody.
Get rid of the quarterback and you've got a safe game.
Sports Corner.
Play it scrimmage for scrimmage down the top.
See you by Tito's vodka.
Tito's the vodka of vodka.
Lease it up.
Dan, you were already out on stage before the show.
Yeah, I felt them out.
On another show.
And I thought there's a couple out here that was patched together by Erin McGathy
in an ungodly manner.
Brian and Lauren, right?
Erin McGathy hooked up a serial womanizer with a self-proclaimed slut.
I'm allowed to say that.
You called yourself a slut.
She hooked them up and they're going to watch Harmon.
Have you guys made out yet?
Can you make out right now?
I don't know. That's not...
Just fucking make out.
This isn't New Orleans.
San Francisco.
Say what?
Right, right.
Well, do you want to come up? Just give us a quick report.
Can you come up real quick?
Lauren.
If you want to. It's okay.
Lauren, everybody.
Just because we can't hear.
It's John and Lauren. Is that it?
Brian.
Brian and Lauren. Okay.
Close enough when you have a fucking chair.
Well, I'm a Dan. I understand.
It's like, Tim, name yourself Squid or something.
If you want me to remember your name.
If you intend to invent helium or something,
be a Dave. Go ahead.
But invent helium.
Hey, my name is Ryan. Hey, Ryan, what do you do?
I'm just standing here.
Well, then I think you might be Steve.
I'm Dan.
I get it. I get it.
We have a problem with naming in this country.
The people that invented naming human beings
didn't anticipate this population density, Jeff.
The people that invented graveyards,
you can see what we do.
We put a headstone and there's a whole six-foot plot.
Like, we didn't know there would be six billion people.
We got to change our shit up, man.
How are you guys doing tonight?
Pretty good. Pretty good.
I got a little drunk before the show.
Good. That's how we like you.
Before the show, you've been drunk for two weeks.
It's all built up.
I think I ate a giant cookie.
Martha brought a fan named Martha.
Oh, there you are. She brought a hot cookie.
Camera crew put a camera in her boyfriend's head.
That's what you get for your troubles.
The hot cookie released from my spleen
all of the alcohol for the last two weeks, Jeff.
Alright, so Brian, Laura, you guys met earlier
during Aaron's show, right?
Can you guys see okay? Didn't think so.
So, uh...
So, Brian,
what are the chances that you and Lauren make out tonight?
I'm going to be...
I want to be modest here.
About 95%.
Nice.
So, it's almost... it's a lead pipe cinch.
It's in the bag, you're saying.
I want to say in the bag, like I said,
5%, a lot can happen in that 5%.
Right, but 95%.
Lauren, what do you think?
I would be hesitant to put a number on it,
because the truth is, is that I came here
wanting to make out with Spencer.
That's sort of my...
That's sort of my, like, MO...
No offense!
Hello, Spencer, to the stage.
You hear your name.
It boasts by a tempress.
Your bag of holding holds your bag,
but will it hold your bagging?
Hello, Spencer.
It's good to be back in California!
That was, like, the minimal effort required
to get you guys to do that.
Spencer...
You figured it out.
You're a master of the tour.
I have to take my shirt off in Portland.
Why are you kneeling right now?
Because I feel bad for these people.
They paid 20 bucks.
Fuck them.
Fuck these people, Jeff. Hey, what's your name?
Ryan.
They're human beings, Jeff.
Giraffe rap.
I'm eating a leaf.
Gotta go real high to get jumped to my treat.
I got a long neck from Charles Darwin.
I want to fuck your mama like it was a hard win.
Put my neck in her pussy.
It's not my neck.
Jerry Busy.
Giraffe rap.
Alright.
Did you hear the audience realize he...
Oh, he's that dick a bit. He's really drunk.
They're like, oh, shit.
You have been drunker on this tour.
In this corner, alcohol!
Weighing in disproportionately!
In this corner, let's get ready to mumble!
Alright, so Lauren, you were saying you wanted to make out with Spencer?
Yeah, yeah.
He's right over there, fucking make it happen.
Get it on.
I don't want to rape him.
Sitting across a table,
looking rather taxful of dice.
Doesn't it feel like a little bullish, though, to have Spencer?
Well, how does Spencer feel?
Yeah, no, that's the thing. I don't just want to attack.
It feels like a weird, like, like, like, like, like, like porkies movie.
They're like, do what you make out with them.
Wrap your tits on Spencer.
Hey, Spencer, you scorn a plus one against those titties?
But meanwhile, Brian thought it was 95% certainty that he was going to make out with Lauren.
Yeah, but if you had gotten to meet him during Aaron's segment,
like, we know the archetype this guy represents.
He's very, very honest about where he feeds in the aquarium.
Like, he's, I have a personal problem with this archetype.
Like, I, when I, when I, when I like a chick, I ask her out and I'm like, in her face,
I go like, do you like me or not?
Like, and this is the guy that works with her at Blockbuster.
And, and understands her and watches Downton Abbey and that's,
I, it's not, it's nothing against you.
I've never lost anyone to you personally, but it's just like,
whenever I meet a girl who's got a guy like you on the side,
I'm like, like, you say whatever you want,
because I know the first test is I'm supposed to go,
why don't you fuck him? He's just a fucking good.
So I know I'm not supposed to do that.
And so because I know I'm not supposed to do that,
I've watched like three girlfriends just go like over with the China,
China don't care guy.
And I just like, it's good.
I'm 40 now.
I'm supposed to have a 10 year old kids by now,
but instead I'm a fucking expert on that shit.
Sorry.
Spencer, what kind of dice can we roll to find out how this plays out?
If we're all characters in a certain campaign right now.
That'd be a diplomacy check, man.
That's a straightforward answer.
So it's not always impressive or interesting.
It's just rules.
Look, I'm not trying to be a bully.
I'm not trying to be a thug about this,
but I want to find out because we have a woman on stage named Lauren.
She said she wanted to make out with you.
Yeah.
Let's roll the dice on that.
Let's see what happens.
All right.
Critical.
Someone said that she took a critical tit,
but that's probably stupid.
It feels like, yeah, now we're, are we in Tarzana?
Are we?
Shall I roll a dice?
Yes.
Spencer, do you hear the music?
What do I describe though?
That's the describing music.
You describe you making out on stage.
Making out on the stage.
Everybody leaves.
All right.
He's not, he's not, he's not corruptible.
He's not viable.
I don't even get what's happening right now.
That's, that's the plan.
No one wants you to.
It's just over my head.
I don't, I don't, I don't, yeah.
I don't.
Maybe I should sit up.
I said, I declared in Portland,
Portland hasn't aired yet, but.
All right.
How about Brian's going to make out with Dan?
Roll the dice on that one.
14 man.
That's not bad.
But Spencer describe me succumbing to a homoerotic
encounter.
Do it.
Vibrant pink shirt approaching.
You see what can only be described as a way fish man
from San Francisco approaching.
Caught in off guard by his charms.
You take him to the green room.
That's all.
He can handle anything.
All right.
Let's check in with Ryan and Lauren later.
Right?
Yeah.
You have to kiss Brian.
Well, what?
Brian or Ryan?
It was a four, uh, Brian.
Brian.
It was a 14 make out roll.
I'm going to.
Yeah.
Oh.
It's Harmontown.
Everyone's safe here.
It's Harmontown and it's San Francisco.
Like we're.
This is where anything can happen and will.
All right.
Brian and Lauren.
Right.
Yeah.
I know there, but someone be named Sasquatch or
something.
Brian and Lauren.
Thank you guys.
We'll.
We'll check in with them later.
It's a runner.
It's not what we call in TV writing.
It's called a runner.
It's not an A story.
It's not a B story.
It's a runner.
It's fun.
It's like a principal.
Belding is learning scuba diving.
It's not part of the, you know, like Zach is, you know,
he's jealous of Schindler.
I don't know the.
Well, he always hated Schindler.
Yeah.
Zach hated Schindler.
Bro, you got to put me on that list, bro.
We'll be right back.
Uh,
Welcome to San Francisco where,
where the food is good and the,
and the mood is high,
where Greg proves is definitely not going to show up.
Right.
No, Greg proves is almost certainly not going to show up.
But you know what?
Who is going to show up?
Special comedic guest.
No.
Funniest standup in Harmontown history.
Steve Agee.
That's it.
Saturday.
Guys,
can you believe it's almost over.
I have.
And this has been an exhausting.
Tripp.
What do you say you if the, yeah, I try to,
we do, we do standup in Harmontown,
or something like we have standup guests,
Okay
All right, we do we do stand-up right at Harmontown we do a little stand-up and then we do
Right, we do it tailored to you and then in between each joke. We really stick put the mustard on yeah
What's what's something in the news right now? What's what's in the news?
Huh, Holly
Molly
The country
Yeah, yeah, Molly. Molly Molly everybody
Are we that out of touch did Molly just a country named Molly get invented and
Gun control and Molly gun Molly gun control a G. Well, that's the deal with Molly. I was flying over there the other day and
The captain came on the radio. He's like folks. I want to let you know about the weather and Molly
Right now. It's 82 degrees with a hundred percent chance of getting shot
Punchline San Francisco every joke's gonna whiz to and fro got a topical comedy happening
Fuck your mama like I'm strapping in
Oh Steve a G topical comedy. Yo, yo, was that gun control you good guy Dan gun control. Oh, me. Yeah
Oh, we're doing a stand-up. Yeah off stand a battle
battle freestyle stand up reset
gun control
Uh, uh, you know, it's a more like fun control. All right
Okay Agee
Interrace mingling
What's the deal of these black guys dating our white women
Harmon fashion week
So this have you heard about this newest thing that's newest thing in fashion that I got yeah, it's it's it's super
Super collars the collars are so big. I don't know whether to whether to
fashion week
I would have brought that into the station. Okay, keep going. I don't know whether to wear you or hang glide with you
You being the shirt, it's true
Well, don't you know, I'm you know, I'm trying as hard as I can
Freestyle battle
Oh
What's the deal with rapping with Dan I'm the girl and he's the man what I don't know what that really means
Here's what it means. It means I'm gonna peel you out of those jeans. I'm gonna pull your pants down around your knees
I'm gonna give you my banana and my two snow peas
Wow, yeah, we're gonna make love. That's what it means
This feels wonderful. That's good. It's funny cuz it's true
Now Dan, yes, Jeff. This is the last stop on our tour. Yes. We've done how many 19 dates how many dates?
Yeah, like I think this is the 20th one. I don't know. This is it. We go back home. That's it, buddy
I know but couldn't happen in a nicer safer more wonderful place
Don't be sad is we're at the fucking punchline in San Francisco, California. It's wonderful
But Dan like do you feel melancholy about it? How do you feel about this departure from this tour?
I feel I miss my cat
Are you burping right now? Yeah
I'm bummed that Greg proofs isn't gonna show up. Yeah, great proofs is never gonna fucking be here ever
Even me saying that won't make him ironically show. He's not Beetlejuice
Me saying his name three times does not make great proofs appear on set
All right
Great proofs. Are you here? See it's not gonna happen
All right, I just he is where
Sketch fest. Yeah, but sidelines is that what you said height height life nightlife nightlife. That's a dumb name. It's a gay bar
Yeah, it's a science museum
And gay bar
It's it's it's it's the only it's the only science gay bar and I don't want to derail the show
But there was a girl came up to me. I don't want I don't want to take this train off its rails
But like well Aaron was up here a a girl who I couldn't see because it was in the darkness
She's three minutes into Aaron's
Stick whatever you call it
podcast and podcast and
She bounded up to me and was near tears and said I did I got in a car accident
And I was like what Jesus Christ is someone dying and I got in a car accident. I was coming here
I got a car accident. I was coming. I got a car. It's a minute here in time
And I was like, okay, just watch the show and what's that?
Okay, come up here. Okay. Do you want to come up here? I just wanted to find out who you were
Car accident, lady. Yo, yo recently maimed. I
Didn't mean to offend you. I wanted to figure I was
You were excited though, right? It really happened. I swear. What was your name?
My name is Gabrielle Gabrielle. What happened? Tell me now because I didn't want to be rude back there
But because I was I don't want to be like an asshole blowing you off. It's like no car accident. Yeah, what she's performing
I just been crying for like 10 minutes
I got the trauma
No, my mom said she was gonna take my car away from me. I'm 21
Because so on top of the accident like your mom's gonna punish you and take the car. Exactly. Exactly. What's your mom's name?
Sharon Sharon alcoholic
Your mom's an alcoholic yes, who wouldn't give you the car exactly because when she gave it to you you got in a wreck
No, I drove her home Dan what fuck her mama
Is it Sharon then what didn't we learn tonight? That's the name of the guy that takes you across the River Styx
Exactly. I actually said that I knew exactly who she was. Whoa
Sharon gave yo yo yo yo. I forgot your name Gabrielle Gabrielle. Yeah, Gabrielle
Yo, well give me a second. Yo. Yeah. Yeah. Hey Sharon your daughter's on stage
Gotta talk to you about what you do and do where it's all okay start start over starting over
Yeah, it's a front of time ready her name her name's Gabrielle. We do that do the Rihanna version so they can do the chorus
Okay, please do and let Gabrielle do the yeah
It's more of an M&M me kind of thing it's melancholy share Gabrielle
Yo, San Francisco. Yo, yeah Bay area. Yo scary. I don't want to scare you Bay area
Flowing rhymes like my name was hotter. Heria. No. Yeah. No, just just ignore that now getting warmed up
Yeah, yeah warming up. Yeah got a girl up here named Gabrielle got her mother that I want to tell to go to hell
Cuz it took her keys away cuz she was human. You know what I'm doing. I'm drunk, but I'm human
We all get drunk too much sometimes
But I'm gonna spit a couple human rhymes and let you know that your daughter is gonna make mistakes
She's only been here enough to eat 21 birthday cakes. I
Was kind of a clever rhyme. I won't get distracted by it though. I'll keep I'll keep I'll keep flowing
Okay, sorry. Okay, stay focused. I was those those bad ass cuz the number of cakes measured her age
All right, and it rhymed with mistakes
I'm on down. I'm on down. I'm on down. Turn that frown upside down. Youth.
He is yellow. Poop is brown. I'm poof. I'm on down. I'm on down. I'm on down. You know Sharon
Remember your daughter. Remember when you used to navigate those youthful waters? You you were barely shredding them
You could hardly swim. Do you remember
Sharon's father? Wait, no, you're him. It was Phillip. Sorry. I got I got mixed up. I fucked your mama so hard
She thought she was a pop. It doesn't matter. It's just like start over starting over. I fucked your mama so hard that Mars needed a rover
Starting over
Gabrielle your mom's name is Sharon
We're gonna do a rap that's gonna teach you the meaning of Karen about her daughter
Don't take her car away. Just because she had a bad night followed by a bad day
She's in the Bay area people grow here. I don't care what they do. If you mo here
Then your lawn is your life
It's cuts like a knife Gabrielle Gabrielle go to come on down to Harmontown
He is yellow. He is yellow. He's drunk. He is yellow. Gabrielle. I fucked it up. I fucked it up. Gabrielle, rap. Now you go
Oh, my god, it's Dan Harmon. I don't know what I'm doing here. I don't know what I'm doing
I drank a lot of vodka beforehand
Me too
I like your dancing. I'm really excited. Oh my god
Your mama's invited
But she didn't show up because she can't remember when before she grew up that she used to be young
She used to be used and now she sits at home and she just judges you she sits in the chair with the lamp next to her like in
a movie like her name was Ben her even though
He didn't do that. He just drove a chariot. Yeah, but you know
You see what it worked out
Harmontown ignore it. He is yellow. He is yellow. He is yellow.
I bought that part
Yo, I'm so drunk that I'm blind. I never thought I'd go to a city and find a more forgiving group of people than in the San Fran
I fucked your mama because my name is Dan
H-A to the R-M-O-N
I'm gonna fuck your mama two times then again. I'm gonna fuck your daddy, too because this is a great place
I'm gonna fuck your dad. Come on your mama's face
Seems gross to hear it, but it's both what they need in their spirit
Spencer, Spencer, Harmontown, turn up brown upside down, rap, he is yellow, poop is brown, come on down, go Spencer
Yo, Gabrielle, your mom is a bitch. I bet her heart is kind of black. It's dark like pitch
You don't really want to mind what she says because everybody knows that behind the scenes
She's pleasant. All around and everybody enjoys it
Everybody want to find something to see in a pit?
Everybody loving the show
Stop going and then we'll go to the chorus
Yo, why is your mom so mad cuz you crashed the car?
Dan's gonna open a pussy like it's some kind of pussy jar. Gonna fuck her in the hole pull it out and fuck her and
Make her whole
Come right between her eyes and then put his soft dick right between her warm thighs
Yo, yeah, yeah, that's what she's gonna do
Gabrielle everybody Gabrielle, thank you
I'm sorry. I'm sorry Gabrielle. I'm talking that you're you're okay and no one got hurt, right? Do you want to hear what happened?
Yeah, let's hear what happened. I was driving down Clay Street. Well, she killed three children and now we've got a yo, yo
Children died. It's okay. I'm a chicken super fried. Oh dead children are fun. What's a bubble gum?
Go ahead. Sorry. No, it's actually more comical than that this guy opened his door in front of me
Well, I was driving and I crunched and he was like
He was really upset about it. I was like you have a really pleasant accent
But I feel like I can't acknowledge it while we're exchanging like insurance information. Oh, God. It was like a Judd Apatow movie
Who's from Ethiopia?
Well, I mean is he's not here tonight, right? If he was we could fix this. I'm sure
Sorry, Gabrielle
I got an epitow pow wow chicken and fricassee. I put my epitow
Well, don't play it if you don't want I
Don't know you're not controlling and we've reached the end of the like you're not like what are you doing?
What do you want? I don't I want I want I want Gabrielle to either feel better or go away
I want I want I want I want I want to do a good show
I want to I want to probe deep into San Francisco. I want to touch these people
I want to make them feel like they got their money. I feel touched as I've been physically touched
No, but I don't think you guys have crossed over into the realm of being touched
I feel like it's still a very superficial you guys could get closer. Okay. Well, okay do a quick biopic
About you and your mom
One to grow on
Sharon is me your mother Gabrielle
That's the other way around
Well, that's the twist
It's one of those body switching movies
This was a sneak preview
It's one of those movies that starts and then it's and then the title card says five years earlier
Gabrielle, yeah, I found a magic skull
You better not touch it at the same time as me or we'll both turn into each other
I know where it'll make my like lick your remandement issues turn in mind
You shut the hell up, you young bitch. If I if I had your life, I'd do everything different
I'm a drunk old bitch. Don't you touch the skull. Oh no we're switching places
Body switching movies
I'm a neurobiology major. I say things like that. I'm 21 years old, but I'm still a bitch
I
Gotta go to your college classes. Give me your transcripts
You go to my job as a CEO at pitchcorp
Three hours later at pitchcorp
But by the way worst worst worst musical score ever for a movie worst the worst
She has really shade shitty taste in music. She doesn't like like old Queen. Oh, this is this is the commentary track
Listen to the same stuff over and over again, then you're like fuck. Don't play that shit again
I have some of the qualms about your taste so like chumbo umber
Coldplay yeah in my day
That was either cold or you're playing it. You can't do bad
You know what let's not play it anymore. Yeah, okay. Oh, we're changing back
Body switching resolve. It's like freakin Friday. I'm gonna be a different kind of bitch from now on
Please do just take Hey take the keys to my car and
What a good movie this was
What are you doing, what are you doing I play Queen
You said Queen
Last show of the tour man, you know, it's a bummer
What have you learned? Have we grown at all those people? I think we have I
Know I have you guys
From this one show that I've joined you on
Well, how do you how do you think we've grown Steve? You know the road's hard you can deal and you move on
I know I've grown to the point where I no longer need a belt like I
Used to need a belt. I know that I know that I've grown to the point where I
Can't wait to go go look at my mirror at home
Which was twice as wide because I get the one in the bus like it's designed for people who fit on the bus
I know that I know that the amount of sweat pouring out of me
Uh per day is has reached Ron Jeremy proportions
I've grown biologically. I've grown. I've grown organically
No
I didn't know that Greg even existed. I don't I don't actually exist. I'm an ephemeral me asthma that
Stop stop great poops gonna break troops wrap
Okay, yeah, have you ever walked through a swamp and seen green, you know
Swamp gas coming up and you go like what was that for real? That's what it's like
That's what it's like to do what to be me
When you enter the punchline when you come to the financial district this late at night and go, it's all in order a
Very special edition of sports corner with great poops
And then what's going on with your guess great poops
You know
Even though the word the gayest team in the NFL we hate gays the most and that's what makes thank you
That's what makes us awesome
We apologize for it because we knew it was out of line, but fucking we said it and we didn't really mean it, okay?
Our gay brothers and sisters help us win this Super Bowl by being there for us and holding our balls
Greg do you know the two teams that are playing in the Super Bowl Steve? I do I'm uh, the ball
I don't like your audience unlike your audience
Dan I don't just read graphic novels all day. I I
Participate that's right
Straight white guy world is not a world that I'm unacquainted with I didn't vote for Mitt Romney and yet
I know some of the things his people know
For instance, I know that the Baltimore Ravens who hilariously are named after Edgar Allen Poe who would have been
Absolutely stunned and shocked that an NFL team would have his name
The Baltimore Ravens for real. Yeah, they should be called the Baltimore of Mankin's
As all HL Mankin. Yeah. Yeah while I pondered we can worry once upon a midnight dreary for reals. That's a football team. Okay
Is it really just because they're Ravens?
Automatically is named after as you're on the phone. He's the bar to Baltimore. Yes, I can't think of it
Okay, all right, and then the Niners my my beloved San Francisco Niners who I've I
Didn't love them, you know, I'm not a Johnny come lately ever since they won their third Super Bowl. I've been down
I'm joking a Super Bowl is an event that happens when never mind. You guys don't know in any case
I don't know if they do or don't I do a bit called Sports Corner where I talk as
It's earnestly as I can't about sports and it's funny because I know nothing about sports. That's what's gonna make this awesome
We're getting okay new beginning so here we are at Sports Corner
I think that the 49ers are gonna beat the Ravens and here's why
I
Think that that their yardage will be better. I think that though they're doing a Sports Corner where it's as though
Ed Grahlin Poe was doing Sports Corner
And all at Grahlin Poe themed Sports Center and Alex Smith whose head was bleary
Smashed and smitten
horrible and teary and
Yet Keppernick did kiss his guns and upon this day did kiss his guns and many runs and many runs
Vernon Davis
With great temerity
We did not upon his sincerity
And Alex Smith sat upon the bench his head is spinning the phone of ringing
The phone of ringing answer the phone the phone's not ringing, but Alice Smith thought the phone was ringing
And hardball one and hardball two and hardball one and hardball you knew because hardball one was of that crew and
Hardball two was of you two and
We knew that hardball would say run there run. Oh negro in the field
And the negro is running and the ball would be
Greg since we have you here it's been a long time am I here? All right. How am I doing? All right? Yeah
Are you in town?
Maybe we could play since we have you and we have Steve Agee and we have Spencer. Maybe we could do a little
Little D&D. Let's get it on
Yeah
Erin McGathy back to the stage Erin McGathy, is Aaron still here?
Aaron could you
Please seven microphones
There you go
Uh, Lauren and Brian, I'm so sorry all this pressure. Okay good. What pressure? Oh, I missed that
I
Set them up during the show and when I was backstage it sounded like they were they're being made to have sex on stage
in front of everyone did they
Oh, how disappointing
Lauren you've ever been to Amsterdam you can see that and it's extraordinarily disappointing
There really is nothing more disappointing than two people copulating in front of you unless it's been recorded on film by Czechslovakian coke slaves
Then it's always titillating
Who's with me?
Greg the last time that Dan and I were here we watched your show Dan and I did and Jeff and afterwards
It was the first time that Dan and I said I love you to each other after your show here. I
Don't want to say that my show's a cataclysmic event that forces people to realize their deepest emotional needs
But in this instance, I think it did precipitate a little bit of what only can be described now as an internal
Alois and Abelard love
Where letters will be writ. I hope that's good in future. Alois and Abelard were in a graphic novel a couple years ago
Spencer
We've forced you now to probably call a couple audibles and bring am I the only one who's been drinking?
What do you think have you heard me hit one constant the entire night did you just say confident? Yes
Greg if I find out you've been smoking dope or doing any fucking alcohol. What do you do?
It's like it's it's like a party of friends and family. That's all I've been doing. It's sketch fast. We don't get paid
We don't get paid, right? No, no, all right Spencer
Ah, do your best or do your worst bring us up to date and our campaign if you if you would
When we last met the party was still trapped in the confines of the infinite fish
After taking out a lung and destroying the kidney the party took on a tricky slime and discovered a magical and bloody book
All right
Sliding through a sphincter the group faced off with a beast's heart guarded by an ice dock tentacles and gas venting tubes
The fight grew fierce and our heroes were wounded in the shadow of desperation Jeff learned that his mysterious dagger was intelligent and could talk
Regrouping against the nefarious organ system our heroes face down their fleshy
The wounded heart thumps loudly as the whole fish quakes wildly you feel sickened from the orange powder drifting through the air from the
Ceiling the ice stock reopens its injured eye the tendril gardening of the organ whips around wildly. It is time to fight
Everybody Spencer
Wow
I want to I want to you warned us in the green room that we need to like
Hit point up because we're about to die. Yeah, I guys want your character sheets
Get the character heat out. I take my magical shards out my crystals, and I use them to heal up the group
I take my healing crystals out to pulling the healing frisk crystals from your satchel
You rub them on your body before tossing them towards your teammates
There are people who there are people who know how to play D&D who listen to us play and who are keen to the fact that what
We're playing is a kind of a latent version of it
But they and they sometimes ask do you guys are is it possible for you to die?
What would Spencer do? Is he just keeping you alive? He told us backstage. You're about to die
You I require you to heal yourselves when we start the next round. It's important
I I take I take out my loot and I I start strumming chords and I know that I can't summon animals
I can speak to them and yet I
Try my hardest as a known barbarian with my magical loot
To play a song that will summon a unicorn to come to our aid
What summoning is this? What festive music do I hear upon my ears like a thousand arboreal butterflies sent into my oral faculties?
What gay wind blows?
Because I come here there from Harky bulgy wood and oh my god the purple darkness stuff enveloped me and now once again
Into the pink light. I am born how grateful I am to see thee once again all the three
I and I'm so happy to see you since we last met I put on a belt now. I'm a woman
Not only are you a woman. You are boomedroculus and even in my anodyne a unicorn state
Which is ambisexual a giant horn. Have I for you?
Tellin all
Many weeks that we've been trapped inside this infinite fish. We've we've knocked out the heart the lungs
But we're still not free. Do you have any advice advice?
Further than advice I shall give thee for my magic horn is made of golden corn
And is a key to most things infernal
This infinite fish Doth not vex me in any way watch I but fart in its general direction
Lavender violets that Doth winnow down its defenses in an immense way
Lurch
Unleashing a powerful flatulence from the rear
It dissipates into the infinite fish's insides
To no effect to no effect
To but the first show I have another one twice nightly am I
I examine our surroundings once again Spencer. You're being accosted by the forces of the interior infinite fish
I leap aboard a board. I leap on top of a Tylenol
and
uses horn to ram
The the indeed that horn is formidable thy man bag scant
With my scant man bag I
Leap I leap aboard the formidable horned unicorn and try to ram the exterior of the infinite fish well
I use that okay with you
Roger Dodger
Leaping astride the horse with a horn on top of it colloquially referred to as a unicorn
The two of you in unison charge directly towards the heart or the exterior the wall the wall
The heart the heart
Charging directly at the heart you do you slash or do you just ramble with the horn ramming speed?
You fly right by the heart and play yourself in the far wall
Gentlemen, I do feel that we would be greatly
Helped by a cleric only there was a cleric
Well, there's not
However with a convenience to the loop of a sphincter
Out pops valescent the prince you've met and only just before hey
What's happening
Tonight the role of Allison will be played by Steve a.g.
Your enthusiasm has risen it is human in here
Valescent use your far sword and swipe at the heart. I
Swipe a mighty swipe at the heart of the infinite fish
Brandishing your golden sword you swipe a mighty swipe towards the wall of the infinite fish Greg sit down
You notice that your sword goes wide in the blast now emanated from your blade instead strikes one of the tentacles flailing about
It severs the tentacle cleanly and the tip falls off onto the floor
Could be worse
Could be worse, but that was not bad
So so the heart is done the heart isn't done you knock you missed and hit something else a tentacle the tentacle. Yeah
You're getting attacked. I
Look from side to side and I pull out of my
As you're attacked
As I'm attacked. Yeah, I was saying you're attacked
Beneficious most vexing
This I say
Steady torpedo from my ass that I have born steady telling all steady
Sorry exuberant I have become
Backwards now tucks
Yeah, I'll say it
The heart gives an almighty thump and you feel the ground shaking
Spikes and some sort of things fall from the ceiling the battleground has become very dangerous
No one gets hurt though
But be careful just be careful you guys
Yes, the camera shook a little bit what power is does a unicorn has Spencer power is you can heal
Um, you can teleport within a forest. You're not within a forest. Um, also the power of whoa. What's that?
That's what the power of the shock. It's shocking. It's shocking and entertaining
The the infinite fish may feel the unicorn see the unicorn inside of himself and be like wow
Oh, cool that that's that's a good point. Please don't tweet me that I don't know about them to the dragon
It's a bit. I'm sorry
It's okay flaming sword
It's good at the at the at the heart. I do a flaming sword attack
Wielding your flaming sword in a vicious manner you brandish it towards the giant heart
Striking the surface of the heart you score a flaming blow the wound is cauterized in
Infants is the above ever it gets hurt
Excellent I remove two arrows
The arrows the good the good ones first the tadnodian one and then the Green Lantern
Steady Tylenol I mount Tylenol
So I so I'm able to see the heart and also because I would like to mount Tylenol
Thou art not the first heart to mount me in this land
She laughed gaily oh
Your back is so broad and my haunches formidable
Your mane your mane smells like lavender I've washed it and rinsed it in the recent past
Oh
You boxed and I put my my tooth on the microphone you you you're bucking I did not
Like a zebra I rock you stripe after stripe and yet alternatively
I've never been happier I orgasm as I shoot two arrows
That was unanticipated and yet bonus
Shaking wildly from the bucking of the horse and the orgasming of your hips
That's what I call a quiver
Y'all ready for this
Aging yeah, all the same your arrows go wide and plant themselves in the membrane wall of the chamber
It's fine. I'm still smiling
You're still happy
Marching ray
You really fucked up right now
That's what they came to say isn't it?
You sons of bitches
You fucking robots you consumers
Sherry father, I want to fuck you
Scorching ray
I don't know I was doing it for the tour movie
Conjuring up magical flames you launch a scorching ray directly at the heart of the heart
It strikes directly in the heart and deals what appears to be 20 damage
Even though I am immortal this site shall I never forget
Dan Harmon is wearing camouflage boxers
Yeah for the podcast Dan took off his pants. He's wearing camo boxers and then he ingested two beverages at once
Both hands some things one can never unsee
This is our Vietnam
I I strike with my emerald emerald dagger towards the heart. Yeah, you'd like that wouldn't you I would love that
Judges that instead the heart shutters before glowing brightly it emits a blast of light and you all take 10 damage
Fucking how that shit sometimes you get damaged all right that I take my emerald dagger out and I go into okay
I go into a berserker rage. Hey, man. Do you think that's a good idea? Huh? That's your dagger talking
Hey, man. Do you think that's a good idea? Hey dagger you and I've been through a lot of bullshit together
Yeah, man now's no time to fucking fight. I need you as much as you need me
You should take out that other orange thing hanging from the ceiling that you killed one of in the last episode
tangerine of doom
I remember that there's another orange
Nerve sack yep apricot of killing I
Take my emerald dagger and I said I plunge myself
I I leap I
Jump on top of Tylenol with codeine and he and he circles around the room and ever increasing spirals
And as we arise up to the height of the orange nerve sack, I swiped with my emerald dagger
Leaping astride your horse with a horn colloquially you return to as I can't even talk
You ride across the four of the chamber and as you charge up the wall you leap off your unicorn
Plunging the mysterious emerald dagger directly into the heart of the orange apricot of doom
There's a brilliant green blast of light and it deals something around eight damage
Striking the nerve directly it explodes emitting a blast of purple powder
You feel dizzy and weak all the same you feel like you've accomplished something great
The Infinifish gives a great shudder as if it's been violently wounded. It's on the ropes
Hey guys, you guys have to try this purple powder man. It's fucking
Give me drugs. It's why give me drugs
Great leaping armadillos this can portend. No good
Like Liz Taylor at a banquet
You're informal before the main course
Steady Tylenol steady lad from the line that shall hold
How far away is the heart the heart's a good 20 feet off. Can I jump that far you can run that far?
I run that far and stab at the heart first slash at the heart or close sword. I mean either way close sword the heart close sordid
Striking directly at the surface of the heart you managed to cut a wide blow on its side use the big dive
Dealing 14 damage
Y'all ready for this I take a single arrow and I am really really trying this time
And I shoot it directly at the heart
Mm-hmm. I smile at everyone. I wave my hair and I giggle and then I shoot the arrow
You know those things lessen your accuracy
Giggling giggling no like shaking will totally throw off your I mean
Just shoot an arrow that leave up leave us out of it. You shoot the arrow at the heart. Oh fuck
Yeah, shoot the arrow because I just rolled the attack who broke my heart
You did you did straight to the title?
I'll give you you think you're smart stupid stupid shoot that
ABC snaps
Pulling the arrow from your quiver and knocking it quickly along your bow
You have a song in your heart as you let the fly that arrow
It critically hits
Punching a wide hole in the heart. You give it. You see it give a flat a feeling about I can't even fucking talk. I'm leaving
Punching a hole in the arrow use earth fuck
The heart extrovers in a violent explosion gobbits and blood fly everywhere and you hear the beast give a final shutter
You feel yourself falling falling falling as if the beast you're inside is crashing crashing crashing to the ground it impacts
sanitary
with a violin
Everyone get into my portable hole so that we don't if it crashes. We don't get hurt
That seems like a really good idea. Everyone get my portable hole. That's what she's
Hiding inside the portable hole you take cover for what seems to be an eternity
Soon, you'll be out of there. It's not so bad
You're steady steady tellin off your heads are swimming down to be no down to be it makes the time pass
easy boy easy
After what's it anyway?
anyway
We're just gonna describe okay, okay
After what seems like an eternity your heads are beginning to swim the air supply at the portable hole is beginning to lessen
And you feel yourselves get slightly dizzy
Perhaps unicorn forts aren't so helpful to breathing. I
Open the portable hole
Opening the portable hole you see what you haven't seen in a very long time the blue rays of the daylight
Thank you, sir
Your gym teachers were wrong that's a way to spend an evening
Did I dream it or was Greg proofs up here for a while he came up
He came up is this one. I can't I'm afraid when we hear the recording it
There's there's times that I'm screaming into this thing because I don't hear myself and then I'm worried it's gonna be
I think they can hear us out there. I think they're dealing with it back there. Okay
I'll just can you guys hear us
Has there ever been a point where you couldn't hear me?
Okay
Do you owe me $5?
mixed results
Guess depends on what if you were comped or not
Jesus Jeff, how do we how do we how do we give the people of San Francisco a little bit back?
We it seems like we've taken from them all night. We've taken their love. We've taken their support
I'm recording images of them free t-shirts. Everybody gets a free t-shirt, right? Really?
Well, certainly certainly we could give away a lot of free t-shirts
Chicken noodle chicken noodle dick song we can do that. Do you know it?
Good, can we get all the women on stage that no chicken noodle dick on stage if you're if you're a gal
And you know the words the chicken noodle dick. Could you come on stage right now?
Yeah, a little bit good get up here get up here
Just you yeah, what's your name?
Martin, buddy. Martin's the one that gave us the big cookie
And you are
Charlotte I show my son charlotte now if
If we let you start could you could you how far could you get with chicken noodle dick? Oh, here we go ready?
Do do do do do
Oh, sorry. No, it could be mostly keep going. Okay one two a one two three four
Two
It's not the way to end a show
We should know better by now
Looks like a bag of free t-shirts. No, really I
See a sea of hands
Across this bay and land
Oh, I got a big black tea size 2xl
Very honest of you
Oh, yeah, he is yellow in the
Also is fat 2xl 2xl. I'm not I'm not telling you you
I fucked your mama so hard a hoodie I got a size large
2xl actually these trash bags can't fill the amount of love I have for you. I
Got a tiny itty-bitty little small one
Where's the all right, it's got to be for a girl don't fight over it is it is this gonna be the whole thing
We're just gonna I have no idea so someone else throw them. Well, I fucking my job should be
Like like I'm the only one that could special
Charlotte and
Martha
Oh, yeah, work the room get out the room get out there
I dropped my pants and pooped it down San Francisco is the place to be
It's a cultural epicenter for me
It's okay to be gay and free when you're here
So drink some booze and beer
and go to the bay and
Have a delicious been yay
And sorry lady
Instagram
hashtag
Hashtag climate century.
Get it right.
Try that new Vine app.
Well, we're at it.
Hey, let's dismantle the fucking government.
Oh, shit, wait.
Isn't that all it takes?
There's a way up to that many people saying it.
Isn't it done already?
Also, all the drinks right now are on Dan Harmon, everybody.
Go to the bar, whatever you want to drink.
It's on Dan Harmon.
All right.
Jeff, where's the rock?
Where's crowd surf ever?
Do a real crowd surf right now, Dan.
All right, so let's show you guys.
Can we float Dan Harmon to the crowd right now?
Take my wallet.
Here we go.
I want to thank, first of all, Erin McGathy
and Spencer Crittenden, everybody.
Steve Aki.
How about fucking great groups coming out on stage?
This is our swan song.
Make it count, everybody.
Dan.
Oh, no, no, no.
Here we go.
I'm a human being.
You're a little human being.
Oh, shit.
Oh.
We did it, America.
Harmontown is especially in the country.
Dan, Dan, Dan, make it to the bar.
Get me an angriestine and bring it back.
Thank you all.
I'm Jeff Davis.
One more time for the mayor of Harmontown,
Mr. Dan Harmon, everybody.
You got a little sad, the club guy got a little sad.
Thank you.
Please tip your wait staff.
Thank you, first line.
Let's all go to the bar and have a few, shall we?
Let's go to the end of the tour.
We got 15 seconds left.
Harmontown.
America is Harmontown.
The greatest tour that's ever been done.
Thank you guys.
I think tonight officially all the merch is free.